Control Non-Public Repository Processing (#38)
cisagov/action-lineage: README.md

    remote-url: https://github.com/felddy/extra-skel-sauce.git
```

## Usage ##

### Inputs ###

| Name | Description | Default | Required |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- | :------: |
| access_token | GitHub personal access token. | n/a | yes |
| mask_non_public_repos | Control the visibility of private repo names in the logs. | `true` | no |
| public_repos_only | Control non-public repository processing. | `true` | no |

> | repo_query | GitHub search query to find repositories for pull requests. | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: We should include a `Type` column in this table.  It may also be helpful to add example values for the required inputs (in the description field).

Author: All GitHub Action inputs are strings (because they are loaded into the environment as environment values) so I'm not sure how well a `Type` column would work as far as setting expectations. Would something more like `Interpreted Type` or `Converted Type` make more sense just to give a better idea of how the data is interpreted?

Reviewer: Good thinking- I like `Interpreted Type` for this.

Author: Please see cf52622 and 37a4531 and let me know if there are any adjustments you'd like to see made.

Reviewer: Those changes looks great to me - thanks!

> | mask_non_public_repos | Control the visibility of private repo names in the logs. | [`boolean`](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#1032-tag-resolution) | `true` | no |
> | public_repos_only | Control non-public repository processing. | [`boolean`](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#1032-tag-resolution) | `true` | no |
> | repo_query | GitHub search query to find repositories for pull requests (e.g. "org:cisagov archived:false"). | `string` | n/a | yes |

Reviewer 2: * I think "private" is a much more succinct way of saying "non-public".
* Your descriptions for the boolean values tell me that they "control" something but don't tell me when i should use `true` and when i should use `false`.
* The description for `repo_query` was a little awkward and unclear, so I touched it up.
```suggestion
| mask_private_repos | Whether to mask the names of private repositories in the logs. | [`boolean`](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#1032-tag-resolution) | `true` | no |
| include_private_repos | Whether to process private repositories. | [`boolean`](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#1032-tag-resolution) | `false` | no |
| repo_query | GitHub search query to use when finding repositories for which to create pull requests (e.g. "org:cisagov archived:false"). | `string` | n/a | yes |
```

Author: I only used "non-public" because that was a blanket term to cover both `private` and `internal` repositories. I'm not sure if the API exposes `internal` in repository information yet, but I thought I'd just future-proof the language.

Reviewer 2: OK, I wasn't thinking of the "internal" repos.  What about the two other bullet points?

Author: Ah right, those descriptions were a bit rough so I'm happy to improve them.

Reviewer 2: I also suggest renaming `public_repos_only` to `include_private_repos` (or similar) so that the variable name more clearly lets the user know what the variable controls.

Author: Would you take a look at 4afa7c4 and let me know what you think?
